---
date: 2021-11-30
title: Tuesday, 30th November, 2021
tags: ['Daily Notes']
---


I'm amazed how I was super motivated to do this site last night. I do like it, and I much prefer having a static generated site than anything else. Now it feels like a bit of a slog to do the remaining parts. I'm now in that 20% which is going to take 80% of the time! I should make a list of the things I want to complete or figure out:

<aside><p>Maybe a hidden dedicated page for my reference?</p></aside>

* Figure out all the CSS elements and how I add them. e.g. markdown, or includes, or get jekyll to render them
  * That is quite a big one... 😅 Main ones:
  * Full width images
  * Aside images
  * Asides
  * Description lists
  * Quotes
  * Code and syntax highlighting
* Install syntax highlighting - either jeykll or [js plugins](https://prismjs.com)
* Add comments (maybe use utterances on github?) and hide them with `<details>` section
* Change header links on main page. Either remove underline or some fancy `::before` thing.
* Maybe a gallery plugin like [fotorama.io](https://fotorama.io)
* [Image zoom plugin](https://github.com/nishanths/zoom.js)
* favicon etc. plus `<head>` things for it all.

Those are probably the essentials or the first round to sort out. Other stuff I'm thinking of:

<dl>
    <dt>Adding content</dt>
    <dd>Do I keep using journal.txt? It's simple to enter stuff and I don't have to remember anything. I've hacked the page titles so I ignore them. If I want to do anything further then might need to go. VS Code and Prose.io are the obvious other things to investigate, with plugins/configs etc.</dd>
</dl>

Random stuff:

* General style tweaks
* th/st in dates
* tags for daily posts?

Future:

* Collection for blog posts
* ?

[Testing page]({{ site.baseurl }}/testing/)


{% include aside.html content="Use an include for asides." %}


