---
title: Friday, 14th January, 2022
date: 2022-01-14
tags: []
---

[Baby Shark is the first YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqZsoesa55w) to exceed 10 billion views. When there's something funny or catchy that my kids want to see, we do have to watch it a minimum of 10 times. So I can see why this and all the recommended kids videos in the sidebar have millions and billions of views. [More top videos.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most-viewed_YouTube_videos)

Tweaked my snippet so that it puts my cursor at the end of the day (using `$0`) so I can just type the ordinal. I think it could be done automatically but requires a whole host of regex and replacements and so much that I don't think it's worth the effort of figuring it out.

So much film now! Ordered 4x Portra 800 last night as [Analogue Wonderland has a promo on](https://analoguewonderland.co.uk/collections/kodak-portra-800-film/products/portra-800-35mm-development-and-standard-scan-combined-add-on), ~~£8 per roll including development. Makes it the cheapest colour film available!~~

lol - I got confused...it's actually £8 for development, and £12 per roll. So cancelling my order and will reconsider. Maybe just pick up a couple of rolls as cheapest price there is.

{% include image.html src="portra800prices.png" title="Price history of Portra 800" %}
Those increases.

I was looking at Gold and Ultramax too but I've got a lot of film at the moment. I do see people in forums who'll stock up when sales occur and they've got a whole separate freezer for it. I'm not at that stage yet... AW also have a competition on, to submit Portra 800 photos. Conveniently I just used a roll of it at Christmas, so might put in one or two in that. Not sure I'm going to use my 800 until a special occasion...perhaps kids' birthdays coming up or the wedding we're going to later in the Spring. Maybe I should've bought more than four...but then I remembered I'm meant to be using the B&W I bought and doing home development. Which then reminds me I don't have a tripod or mount system. I did ask in talkphotography forums about using enlargers - which seems to be the trend as they "can be found cheaply" - and then mounting the camera on it. I like that idea as then it's a nice fixed vertical system. I'm just yet to find any of these "cheap" ones. People suggested some model numbers to look for, so I'll keep an eye out and maybe setup some eBay search notifications. If that fails I'll be back to tripod. It's just that's a minimum of £100. Ideally I'd befriend a local film guy (min. age 65) who has heaps of stuff that he doesn't really use. In exchange for listening to him at great lengths, he'd offer me something 😁 Actually, I'd enjoy listening to him, and he'd probably have some great development setup and things from decades gone by. There is a film club in the town, maybe even two, plus the college. Just everything is all shut-up due to COVID and they're not exactly convenient to get to from my house.
