---
title: Tuesday, 18th January, 2022
date: 2022-01-18
tags: []
---

Last year during lockdown I bought a bike trainer, and subscribed to Zwift. It was quite fun for a couple of months but I didn't like paying for Zwift. Particularly as there were a lot of features I didn't care about and several that I did that were missing. I just want to know how far left on my ride!

I cancelled it and haven't sat back on the bike in about 9 months. I also don't like that it's heavy legs and nothing too much on upper body. I'd like an even workout. Also now that I'm back at the office I cycle to work each day and not really interested in doing more cycling at home.

So I want to buy a Concept 2 Rowerg. Amazon sell them and offer their free installment plan so it makes it less obvious you're sending money. They were out of stock and I'd set an alert and told myself when it comes back in I'll buy one. Well now that it is back in stock I'm agonising over the decision on whether or not to buy one.

Careful readers will point out I've not used my current equipment for 9 months so why would I use something else. Spending £800+ on a rower might not be the solution to the actual problem.

Other people would've just seen it in stock and thought "great, let's buy it". Then 10 seconds later they stop thinking about it until it arrives the following week.

[Cool old computer history](https://arstechnica.com/science/2022/01/the-most-important-computer-youve-never-heard-of/).

Apple Photos to my static site is a bit of an ordeal but I've figured out all the steps and settings:

1. Mark photos worth with keyword tags (still not sure how to apply without having the keyword manager open)
2. Filter to those tags
3. Export - medium quality and full size jpeg. Tick box for keywords and title (actually means keep all EXIF as well)
4. Rename jpeg to jpg 🙄
5. Run build script
6. Rsync to server
7. Phew!

The last 3 can be put into a script that I can just run when I'm ready to upload. Save me remembering the commands. This is instead of picking the photos and dragging and dropping them into Piwigo webUI...but I like the look of it better so there's that.

Watched a little of this [video](https://youtu.be/ntQ48-d-8x4), showing what it was like to go on the computer and internet in the late 90s. The modem sound will never be forgotten. Don't know how I was so patient. Guess I didn't know any better. The first computer I used (and went online) was actually at my friend's house. His dad worked at [AWE](https://www.awe.co.uk/), and came home with a CD-R that was a deep blue on the dye side, and written in marker was Cappuccino 95. This was a disc loaded with pirate software, including Windows 95, Office (whatever it was called), Lotus, games, all sorts of stuff. We used to think it was secret technology as I'd never seen a blue CD-R before. However, I just think he nicked it from work and they used blue as they were meant to be durable! When we drove past the AWE [site](https://goo.gl/maps/98dpRaTnLHmfpKPp6), we'd ask my friend's dad what was in all the buildings. He'd just say they were boiler houses. We figured on top was boiler houses and then underneath it was SAM silo. There was also the story of his dad putting his glasses in some water and shining a laser through it to clean them.

I moved my photo gallery back to the static site. Now I just need to upload some recent photos!

Boy #2 might need glasses, maybe not quite now but probably soon. As a glasses wearer since age 8 I'm sad for him. He was excited at the opportunity to get glasses, but I don't think that'll last.

I better not buy a Q2 given all these Q3 rumours now 😅

Writing up my family journal in DayOne on the iPad and thought I'd have a look at the gallery site. Oh I love it so much. It's so clean, and has nothing extra than what's needed, and the subtle EXIF data is perfect. I'm not sure I love the font, I might change that. It's a little hard to read. Thinking of making a film only version where I group photos by emulsion or maybe camera. Camera is probably silly as it's really lens plus film but camera is mostly a proxy for lens for me. Hopefully this will encourge me to add more albums (although I'm not going back 2 years worth to add them 😅).

I got a cold head cycling this morning and has made me feel terrible all day. I should get off the screens and go to bed!