---
title: Saturday, 15th January, 2022
date: 2022-01-15
tags: []
---

I did remember/find [Lektor](https://www.getlektor.com/docs/models/flow/) static site generator that allows you to make a page up from blocks. This could then replicate the tinderbox/drummer style blog, whereby each paragraph can be its own entry. I used this about 6 years ago for my blog. Think it had just come out and seemed like a novel way of doing static sites. It comes with it's own admin user interface that you run. I remember it taking me quite a while to figure out how to piece it all together, and now that I look at it again, I have no motivation to try and reconstruct something.

This was after I spent all evening messing about with YAML and JSON structures to see how I could construct the site. Again, all possible, although finding a nice way to enter posts might be the tricky part. YAML is probably the cleanest to type into but it's still a bit funny with longer text. Then I remind myself that (a) this is mostly pointless, and (b) I already have Tinderbox that can do it all. I just need to figure out the exporting part and then it's good to go...I assume. Then I return to wanting to type elsewhere and the circle continues.

I did come across people's little projects on Github making static sites from config files which were all interesting to look at. It's still an option but not for today.

It's a lovely sunny day. I should be getting the 4x5 out again. I was meant to practice loading it in the dark bag this week but was watching Lost in Space. Finished that now so suppose I could do it. Or I just leeroy jenkins it and load new film and take some more pictures.

Now I remember what I did last night...looking at static gallery generators. Got 1 day until I have to decide if I'm keeping my SaaS instance of piwigo. Someone wrote an article about using [nanogallery2](https://nanogallery2.nanostudio.org/) with Hugo. Not quite a how to but maybe enough to get started. I tried [Fussel](https://github.com/cbenning/fussel) which was nice but it sorts alphabetically. This is probably the route I should take but the thought of yet another static gen site to configure isn't filling me with joy. It's only €39/year for piwigo. I don't love it but requires zero effort...I guess I'll renew and then next week I'll be super keen to make my own and regret renewing.

I find it baffling how many static gallery generators don't have any screenshots or a demo site with them. Literally that's the whole point.

I bought 4 rolls of Portra 800. It's not going to be this cheap again, and means I can use some for birthdays and the wedding. I also was one review away from enough points to get £10 off, so that helped. Made them just over £10 / roll.

Why am I looking for a new static gallery generator? The [one I use](https://github.com/alexjj/photofloat) is just fine. Well python2 isn't ideal, but as long as I can install the python2 libraries then it's usable. 
