---
title: Friday, 31st December, 2021
date: 2021-12-31
---

The final day of 2021 - known as Hogmanay here 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿. I was meant to have reviewed 2021 and made high level plans for 2022. Not done the first and only lightly touched the second.

Didn't quite get round to home developing in 2021, but I did buy most of the stuff and I've just loaded my 4x5 film into the holder. Thanks Cat Films for your little video:

<iframe width="2543" height="1090" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/KdWK8varqDo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

There's a whole load of tinderbox and I'm excited to figure it all out but...there's a whole load! Got a few use cases that'll start me off in it. One is replacing this blog. I was hesitant to do so, given I've already made this one, and it works well enough. However, the more I think about it, the more I want to move it. A lot of making this site was figuring out format, layout, CSS etc., and I can take all those learnings into the new site. The actual jekyll part wasn't that much work. I just spent a lot of time on small parts - like search, pagination (didn't end up using it), messing about with journal.txt, and back and forth on tagging.

Somewhere [before](/2021-12-07/) I said I wanted to do 10-12 projects in 2022. I think 10 is the right number. One per month minus holidays.
{% include aside.html content="Interestingly the same day the 4x5 film arrived" %}

I picked developing 4x5 first as then I can just take two shots and try it out. vs. 24/36 on 35mm. However, I have to do the whole development process in the dark (fomapan 400 is panchromatic film so it is sensitive to all wavelengths of visible light). Loading it was fine but interesting. I didn't know what to expect inside the box and there were some paper things and plastic bags but I think I managed...something is in the holders! 😅 Not sure about moving from tray to tray though...feel like I'll lose the sheet between trays or something. I suppose I can test it with some paper and closing my eyes.

The downstairs bathroom might not be the best place to do this as the light switch is on the outside. So unless I make a sign someone could walk up and turn on the lights without warning!

Anyway, all this is to worry about later. The next challenge is figuring out the 4x5 camera!
{% include image.html src="bandjpress.jpg" title="B&J Press Camera" %}

