---
title: Sunday, 31st October, 2021
date: 2021-10-31 06:30:06
published: true
tags: ['Daily Notes']
---

[A 5.7”, 7 colour e-ink display!](https://shop.pimoroni.com/products/inky-impression) Wow, that is nice. A great add to my “projects that sound awesome but I’ll never do” pile.

{% include image.html src="brains.jpg" title="Brains" %}
Happy Hallowe’en!

[That’s a lot of checkboxes](https://www.bryanbraun.com/2021/09/21/i-keep-making-things-out-of-checkboxes/)

[If I can jailbreak my kindle, this replacement OS/interface looks to be just what I need to sync highlights automatically. Plus other features.](https://github.com/koreader/koreader)

I shouldn’t read non-fiction in bed before going to sleep. I read things and think this is amazing and I should do something about this. Maybe I highlight it on the kindle. Then I go to sleep and wake up and completely forget about it all. I don’t actually even get the benefits of kindle highlights as I don’t often buy books from Amazon. I buy them elsewhere (or they’re free) and I load them onto the kindle. So the highlights just sit in the text file on the device. Of course I could connect it to the computer, download the file and parse it (there’s probably many scripts online to do this for me already). THEN I could benefit from it. This is never going to happen. If I could ssh or remotely connect to the kindle then I could sync stuff. Perhaps that’s worth some research. Or maybe a different ebook reader is for me. OR maybe I should read non-fiction at another time, but then that conflicts with other stuff I do (like what? What do you do? Watch YouTube videos and browse used cameras+lenses that I don’t need).

The end of daylight savings. Where people with young kids get up at 5am. It’s still the “same time” as yesterday but when the clock says 5 it *feels* a lot earlier.