---
title: Tuesday, 21st December, 2021
date: 2021-12-21
tags: ['Daily Notes']
---

I started looking at Working Copy again. It is a very nice app for working with git repos on an iPad. However, I don't really want to do that much development or git writing on my ipad. Github.dev is good enough for this static site, and occasional tweaks.

The new Voigtlander 90mm f/2.8 VM is so good (according to reviews), how could I ever justify a Leica lens...

Sometimes I think about learning R. In fact I wish I'd started with R instead of python. The bulk of what I use it for it data analysis at work. Python gets the job done and there's the benefit of it being useful in web development or some areas. However, I don't really use it for other areas - maybe some scripting here and there but nothing major. If you're doing data work (not necessarily only data science) but the R ecosystem is so much nicer. R itself is more convenient for data stuff but also RStudio, install packages, writing and creating reports, even dashboards and websites. I could still learn it but not sure what the point is. I don't use it enough at work to make it worthwhile and whilst I'm far from an expert, I do have some knowledge of python and know how to get things done. There's also the fact that we do have jupyter lab setup which I could use more.

I just like the idea of writing reports in Rmarkdown with the data, code and text all together, and I can regenerate it whenever things change. I hate writing reports in Word. Guess I'll add it to my list of possible projects.

A friend at work is undertaking a masters degree. I like the idea of doing one, but I don't have time for that!