---
title: Tuesday, 26th October, 2021
date: 2021-10-26 11:40:14
published: true
---

Been thinking about how I can get data into Drummer, particularly data I write on my phone as Drummer on my phone is..unpleasant. However there are other good apps, like dynalist and Zavala, for writing on phone. I don’t think there’s a way to push data into Drummer, unless the token in the download files button works to upload, but I could use the schedule to load a file from somewhere. The only caveat is that it has to be publicly available. OR I just import it manually when I have something to add. But I’d still like the ability to push data in for future ideas.

Why will none of our iPads update to iPadOS 15…

I keep a private tiddlywiki for work, but I’m considering a private outline in Drummer. I think having everything viewable in a single page would be more useful than a wiki. Something like Notion or Airtable might be good for work but they’re strict about posting information outside work network and I also can’t be bothered with all the faff of those tools. One big list is my preferred option, as it usually just ends up being weekly summaries or results. The big ‘+’ button makes it nice to add a day.

Jack has [wanted an improvement](%20%20https://rudimentarylathe.wiki/#Drummer%20Notes) to downloading his drummer outlines, and I would like it too if I started using private outlines more. I’d noticed the download link had a unique URL which meant I could likely access it directly outside of Drummer. I decided this lunchtime to have a little look and it does work. Here’s my [small python example](https://github.com/scripting/drummerSupport/issues/63#issuecomment-951849007) but it’ll work with other languages too. *Update*: everyone else in the thread have posted great alternatives too. There’s one for everybody from Apple’s Siri, to serverless Zapier to unix server cron 🤩
